1. For first page use only use below content:Logos from folder /home/hpc/iwi5/iwi5369h/HTR-Pipeline/documents/final/pr_htr_report/figures/logo <both FAU and PR lab side by side aligned centrally> Master’s Project at Pattern Recognition Lab, then title , my name , then M.Sc. Artificial Intelligence, FAU Erlangen-Nürnberg, Add my Matriculation number : 23288066, then Supervisor: Prof. Vincent Christlein, Pattern Recognition Lab, then rest of the content from next page onwards
2. then abstract on next page : Make it crisp and concise , don't add too many numbers , only keep main number, make sure its easy to follow, dont mention  63 training experiments (runs 143–205, up to 150 epochs each) this in abtsract
3. then content page seperate make overall content bit crisp and concise:
In introduction : background motivation and problem statement
then related work - HandwrittenTextRecognition , VisionTransformersandRegisterTokens, Attention-BasedInterpretabilityandDownstreamWriterAnalysis, in tow line positioning mention don't add seperate section
4.In Introduction section : make it more crisp and concise more human written still scitific langauge use, this senetnce seems to be odd - The specificbrief fromthe supervisor, restated verbatimfromtheproject’sopeningemails, you should be acting as master student hwho is writing this report not ai - with project detailed defined something like this senetnce use - overall 2 to 3 senetnce cover problem stamanet in paragraph style, don't need research gap and research question section but essense should be covered in background and motivation section , make sure to verify the citations, you also don't explicettly have to show the contibution may be main 4 to 5 things covers overall in senetce pointer form not too compicated or with numbers to understand, section connecting should be as per standard report writing or research paper writing easy to follow and simple
5.Related work : overall looks good but make it more crisp concise still as per scitific standard and easy to follow not too technical, also Vincent explicitly asked this project to reproduce in an HTR-recognition setting.  this type of senetce looks odd. as I'm gonna submit my report to vincent so through out - and follow standard way of peroper writing, remove positioning of the work section rather align in 2 to 3 sentence properly
6. Methodology : throughout paper replace this  ViT-RGTS v2 with ViT-RGTS as adding v2 looks odd, Datasets and Preprocessing - overall more crisp and concise, Model archiectures - more crisp and concise and way to follow after 3.3 Model Architecture place this Figure 1: End-to-end HTR pipeline. image current image is too big on page make be size by 50 percent but quality should not be degrated resolution shoulld be intact, 3.4 Training and Fine-Tuning - this also should be bit crisp concise still precise as per scitific standards simialry for 3.5 Implementation and Hardware
7. Experiments - dont mention 63-run experiment matrix or run numbers any where, give general context not precise like this secitontion this and this section that
in 4.1 Recognition Metrics replace CER formula with actual proper formula current formula does not look good to me , search for citation add correct formula, also this looks odd - which the trainer logs to training.log rather than to the per-epoch results.csv.
8. 4.2 Experiment Matrix - here inn this section this is not typical way to tell general technical auidence - 63 training runs, numbered run_143 through run_205. its for my understand use proper wording , in table matrix make it more general reading understandble remove run numbers- Table 2: Experiment matrix. Runs marked † were truncated by the 24h SLURM walltime; all other runs completed the full 150-epoch budget. outline table 3 and table 4 properly
9. results - overall make more crisp and concise, Table3reports theR-sweeponIAMat thebestvalidation-CERepoch, andTable4reports
thebestnumberperarchitecturefamilyacrossthesameevaluationprotocol. below this add respective tables , don;t use repo context from where or which file : Bothtablesusethe shippedresultfilesoutputs/tables/register_sweep.texandoutputs/tables/architecture_comparison.tex verbatim. also dont say this in report : Vincent explicitly asked the project to reproduce the vi, write it as per standard approch may be as adviced has explored xxx somehting like this , the email thread was just for your reference or for wroiting reference to cover what or may be progress , also this type should also be removed (external/Beyond-Memorization/utils/saveAttentionMaps.py). then after this section - Reproducing Beyond Memorization: Per-Character Attention Fig. 3, also i did not get this : 0.24 pp what is pp here
10 overall further section more crisp and concise
for result qualitiative or general figures: keep F1 , F2, F3, f5 is too complciated to understand so may be reomve that Attention-quality metrics grid
alsso may be somewhere in writing you can mention a critic or logic saying as the Vit MODELS are data hungary unsure about amount of data sufficient to observe the outliner effect and then it could be addressed with register token paper - wherever it fits best to the storyline - follow latest changes at /home/hpc/iwi5/iwi5369h/HTR-Pipeline/documents/final/REPORT_ARTIFACT_SELECTION_GUIDE.md